My Reflections 
by 
Herbiewalker

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The command prompt (used command FC) to compare the 2 files (gmae_old and gmae_new) and was able to see the changes in the code laied out.
    It was easier to pick out the spelling and code changes.....
 
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    By having the old files you can see the prgress and how those files have evoled over time....

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

   I like the control over when to save my commits so i can complete the section i am working on and have a logial save....

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I dont really understand this very well yet but it seems to keep all the files that are needed in the project in the commit.....

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log will show all the commits in the repository and display them to see, once you have the two commits you want to look at use the git diff command to show the difference between the two files and what changes have been made.....

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    with version control you are able to go back and see the differences in the code. Also if you are unable to fix the changes you made in the code; using git checkout you can revert to the good code once you get past the bug.....

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    i would like to build a game and use Git/GitHib to keep my work streamlined and on track....


cd ~                         	 # change directories to your home directory
mkdir version-control        	 # make version-control directory
cd version-control           	 # go to version-control directory
mkdir reflections            	 # create reflections directory
cd reflections                 	 # go to reflections directory
subl lesson_1_reflections.txt 	 # launch sublime with file called lesson_1_reflections.txt (you can replace subl with another editor here if you prefer a different one)

